Welcome back to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Planet
Terror.
Be aware, there are spoilers.
Now, let’s begin!
Cherry Darling is a go-go dancer working in
a nightclub.
After the performance, she cries on the stage
in front of the crowd.
Later that night, she decides to quit from
her boring job, telling the manager that she
needs a real change in her life.
On the way home, some of the military trucks
are rushing to a base nearby, throwing her
to a pile of trash.
Cherry is injured on the thigh after the incident.
In the military base, a chemical engineer
Abby and the team are in a business transaction
with Muldoon and his troops for mass quantities
of DC2, a poisonous chemical agent called
"Project Terror".
When Muldoon learns that Abby has more of
the DC2 than what he is offering, he captures
Abby as hostage, threatening the scientist
to submit all of them to the government.
Abby holds a pistol and opens fire at the
machine, intentionally releasing the gas into
the air.
This gas spreads and immediately mutants people
around, turning them into flesh-eating zombies.
However, Muldoon and the soldiers walk into
the green gas and seemingly enjoy it.
Abby escapes with a truck right after that.
Meanwhile at a restaurant, a lady named Tammy
asks the owner JT for some water as her car
is overheated.
Here, Cherry also arrives and walks straight
to the toilet, where she cleans her injured
leg.
She comes across her ex boyfriend Wray at
the restaurant after that.
Cherry then asks Wray for a lift home.
At the hospital, Dr William and Dakota arrive
at work early.
The two don’t seem to get along.
William treats a patient with a strange wound
on his hand.
He has a fever and the tongue is badly infected.
Another doctor tells William that the symptoms
are very similar to the Iraq soldiers due
to a mutant gas.
Elsewhere on the road, Tammy’s car breaks
down again.
She decides to leave the car and asks for
a lift.
Suddenly, Tammy is attacked by two bloodthirsty
zombies.
Seeing a car approaching, they drag her body
away.
It is Wray and Cherry on the car, thinking
the figures are dead deers.
All of a sudden, Wray turns the direction,
losing control when they see another shadow.
When the two are stuck in the car, they are
attacked by some violent zombies.
Wray can escape and shoot the sickos, but
they don't die and run away.
Cherry is left with a ripped off leg.
Wray instantly sends Cherry to the hospital.
Just then, a sheriff arrives and requires
Wray to go with them to the police station
for the investigation about Cherry’s injury.
During the night, there are more and more
corpses sent to the hospital with their bodies
torn to shreds.
Cherry awakes and becomes shocked seeing her
right leg is amputated.
Meanwhile, Dakota is called with William to
learn about Tammy’s body, who Willam calls
a “no-brainer”.
Dakota gets distressed and cries after seeing
Tammy.
William realizes something and sees Dakota
in a room.
He takes one of Dakota’s syringes and makes
her hands numb.
He knows that Tammy and Dakota have a lesbian
relationship.
As William is about to hurt Dakota, another
doctor appears.
He locks Dakota in the room and rushes to
the bodies.
They find the corpses are gone mysteriously,
leaving the hallway in a pool of blood.
At the police station, the officers encounter
a pack of zombies approaching.
They open fire at the sickos but there are
so many of them around.
Wray reveals to be a professional sniper in
the past, helping the sheriff to kill some
of the zombies.
He tells the sheriff not to touch the sickos
to avoid being infected.
The two then leave the chaos to the hospital
as Wray wants to check on Cherry.
Back at the hospital, more and more people
are coming in with swellings and infections.
The doctors are unable to handle what's happening.
William gets back to Dakota, only to get contaminated
by a transformed guy.
The town people also encounter the mutation
and become the deadly sickos.
Meanwhile, Dakota manages to escape from the
hospital’s window.
She tries to drive off with her numb hands.
At this point, Wray and the Sheriff also arrive
at the hospital.
As they enter inside, the infected corpses
and injured are chasing and attacking both
doctors and patients, ripping them apart and
eating them.
Wray fights with the zombies with two knives
and makes his way to find Cherry.
Cherry now is covered herself in a blanket.
Wray tells her to go with him because the
hospital now is in a zombie outbreak.
Wray then breaks a table and makes Cherry
a leg.
The two flee away to the restaurant, thinking
it would be safer.
At the same time, Dakota returns home and
brings her son out of the town.
She lets her son hold the gun and tells him
that if anyone other than her comes to the
car, he must shoot them in the head like in
his video games even if it's dad.
She finds the way to reach her father’s
house and decides to go check inside.
However, the son accidentally pulls the trigger
and kills himself.
Her grief is interrupted by William showing
up, having turned into a sicko.
Dakota immediately holds her son’s body
and calls her dad for taking her in before
the zombies can catch them.
At the moment, Wray, Cherry, the police officers
and other survivors gather at JT’s restaurant.
J.T. shows the group some of his escape vehicles.
Later, Wray proposes to Cherry, saying that
he doesn’t want to lose her again.
The two then have fun in JT’s bedroom.
The movie passes unclear to the scene where
JT’s diner is in flames.
More survivors are coming to join the group.
Wray helps the Sheriff to cover the wound.
Everybody attempts to get away from the flesh
eaters.
The Sheriff hands Wray a gun so he can be
the leader of the fighting squad.
He then commands the team to get armed and
ready for the mission.
Getting outside, they open fire to the zombies,
but more and more keep on coming.
They retreat back inside the burning building
and Wray says that someone needs to retrieve
his truck so that they can all leave at the
same time.
Cherry volunteers to go.
Wray has to snipe at the sickos, paving the
way for his fiance.
Finally, the group can get on the vehicles
with their weapons.
After they break through the sickos, the survivors
stop at Dakota's car and pull out a Tony's
Pocket Bike out of the trunk.
Cherry rides on a motorcycle with Dakota and
Wray leads the way on the tiny Bike.
They shoot more sickos on the road while the
Sheriff runs them over with the truck.
On a bridge, the group is blocked by a bunch
of the zombies.
Suddenly, the sickos are shot completely by
the soldiers coming from behind them.
It is revealed to be Muldoon and his troops.
Wray realizes Muldoon, only to be knocked
out by the two soldiers.
As Wray wakes up, he finds himself in the
same military prison with other survivors.
Here, the group meets with Abby again and
has him explain what has happened with the
virus DC2.
They are infected, but can use the gas itself
to control the symptoms.
Two soldiers show up with masks on and grab
the girls Dakota and Cherry away.
Just then, Abby and Wray manage to beat the
remaining guys and rush to the gas base.
The two confront Muldoon there.
Muldoon explains that he and his soldiers
were in Afghanistan.
They'd accidentally found and killed Osama
Bin Laden.
However, this was against the government's
interest, so instead of rewards they got gassed
with DC2, a chemical weapon designed to wipe
out entire cities.
The best way to find a cure is to gas a whole
town then take the survivors to extract a
cure from them.
While he talks he has not been wearing his
gas mask, so he swells and blisters, eventually
is shot and killed by Wray and Abby.
Meanwhile, Cherry is forced to dance on her
wooden leg.
While moving, she instantly hits the man on
the ground and stabs his eye with her sharp
leg.
The man never stops harassing Cherry.
Dakota shoots a needle in his other eye, finally
getting feeling back into her hands.
Abby and Wray break the door and kill the
other soldier.
Wray designs a gun into Cherry’s leg, encouraging
her to believe in herself.
She steps out and blasts the door with her
gun leg.
Next, they join other survivors again and
decide to get away by the helicopters in the
base.
Wray drives Cherry in the back of the motorcycle,
helping her to shoot all the men and sickos
with the rifle.
She even departs from the ground and blows
up a bunch of sickos.
The survivors follow Cherry to head to the
helicopters.
Unfortunately, Wray gets shot and dies on
the way.
Cherry kisses him goodbye and grabs the rope
from the helicopter as it flies away.
One year later, Cherry finally escapes to
Mexico with other survivors.
There is a little girl on her back, revealing
her as Wray’s descendant.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching !